very good food, great customer service.. food always taste fresh, i always get the chicken platter with rice and it comes with a salad too, i also tried the beef kabob which was mind blowing.
stopped by for the first time and was not disappointed. the chicken gyro salad was delicious, a far cry from your typical 'bowl-of-lettuce' kind of salad. the greens were crunchy, the whole dish was well dressed, and it was surprisingly pretty to look at - but that didn't stop me from diving into my bowl of salad awesomeness.   continuing the trend of large, tasty food; the traditional gyro pita was great: warm throughout, with a great balance of meat, veggies, and sauce. happy customer! i will be back to sample more of their menu.
all good!  greek salad especially fine!  drinks include the usual but also drinkable arab yogurt and entrees are ample.  staff friendly.  this is an oasis of peace across from a noisy and smoky casino.
the food is really good here i always order my food to go but the inside looks great too. i was never a bog fan of greek food till i found this place.
was in the mood for a greek salad so turned to my trusty yelp app to identify a greek restaurant that was serving up some yummy food and landed on this place here. so glad that i did!  while stephano's is my usual greek salad restaurant, i was down south of the strip and thought this might be a nice alternative based on the yelp reviews. when i walked in there was only one other gentleman in the restaurant (about 1:30pm?) this is a real family run restaurant, and it reminded me of my mother taking my order which is fantastic!  they don't really have a grilled chicken kebab salad on the menu so we ordered the grilled chicken kebab lunch with two sides of salad. take a look at the picture as it was delicious looking and tasting.  would i go back? sure you bet! so here's the rundown:  satisfied? yes  return? yes  advocate? yes
if you're looking for greek food on the south end of town i don't think you're going to find a place that beats yanni's. great food, large portions, lots of healthy choices and a friendly staff. i love his place and tout it as a gem to all my friends. i highly recommend stopping by and eating here.
we really like this place ! we stopped here on our way to cali, the food was fresh and tasty and the place was very clean. we will definitely be back! i got the chicken gyro and the feta fries mmmm!
better then mad greek by far. so good, if you like gyros, you have to go to yanni's!!
don't get me wrong, the chicken shwarma(sp.) is sooo de-lish.  i only felt that i had to dock a star on service.  i don't know where this great, family friendly employees are, but i do know that those characters do not exist at yanni's.  the tall dark-haired young man at the register seemed less than enthusiastic to take my order.  his demeanor was as dry as stale bread.  i don't need a pep squad when ordering food at a restaurant, but at the very least - please treat me as though i am welcome.  as i mentioned previously, i had the chicken shwarma with a side salad.  2 thumbs up on the cuisine, 1 thumb down on service.
i ate there for the first time tonite because of the yelp ratings. i had the chicken shawarma salad, beef kebob skewer, feta fries and baklava for dessert. the entire meal was great and the price was reasonable. i didn't eat there, took it to go but the dining room was small and quaint and the staff was very friendly. i noticed a sign saying they were to expand the dining room area sometime in 2016.  when i'm in the mood for greek again, i'll definitely look to eat here again.
absolutely fantastic food.  very reasonable prices. i defiantly plan to come again next time i am in vegas!
we stopped by yanni's on our way to ut thanks grab something to eat. got chicken kebab take out. it was delicious!! while we waited, they were very kind by giving our son free lemonade. this place will be on our list now if we come through las vegas area!
definitely not pleasing that there is no public restroom. ended up taking out and we shall see how the food rates. not the start i was hoping for
we are visiting from out of town and decided to give them a try.  what a great experience. the gyro plate had delicious meat, rice, and a great salad. the greek fries were very good. we aldo ordered the falafel and this was fabulous. our daughter has gluten allergies so this was the perfect dish for her. the owner treated us very well!  thank you
yet another solid option for greek food in las vegas. all of the local greek restaurants have their own unique way of preparing greek favorites and this restaurant is no different.  the restaurant décor is minimal, but clean and uncluttered. there are about a dozen tables and a lounge area. the restroom was also very clean. the service was great and our waitress was very attentive. she checked on us often and had our food and drink out to us quickly.  i ordered the gyro platter and found it to be delicious and filling. the salad was fresh and had a nice dressing on top. the gyro meat was the best i've had. it was moist and well seasoned with a nice crust on the outside. the rice served with the gyro meat was well prepared, but would have been more exciting with some nuts, dried fruit, or herbs.   my husband ordered a gyro with a side of feta fries. he agreed that the gyro meat was some of the best he's ever had with the crust being the best part. the feta fries were delicious! the fresh feta really made the flavor and the sauce drizzled on top was delicious with the crispy fries.
yyyyyaaaaaaaaanni    this review should begin with 5 stars...  when i was a little person, i used to love greek night. dad would break out the frying pan and get busy on some gyro and the smell would fill the air and appetite or not, i immediately found a hunger. and every time i had it, i was fat and happy.  but i didn't know what good gyro was until i found this hidden gem. kitty corner from the south point casino you can find a gyro as big as a football and loaded with flavors that taste like they were pulled from mother nature herself. the meat is like bacon on steroids and seasoned with just enough spice to compliment the tzatziki sauce. fresh lettuce and ripe tomatoes fill out the remainder of the pita.  when i sat down, i was only slightly hungry, i had only planned on eating half. i was three bites in when i realized only an idiot wouldn't finish it.  it may be a little further than your other places, but no matter the distance, it's worth the trip.  eat up!   ps-it only lost the last star cause the decor isn't completed yet (although when it does, it's going to be very inviting and filled with beautiful art. pps-i may be a stick in the mud, but when i tried to go compliment the cooking, no one was around to hear. service industry, someone always has to be listening.  ***but don't let my assholeness get in the way of what i promise will be at the top of your 'best things i've ever eaten'
same owner as the now closed greek village cafe and yanni's gyros on maryland pkwy (he sold about a year ago, but the new owner kept the name). it's pretty much the same menu as the location on maryland, i ordered the gyro pita again, but this time got the garlic feta fries for my side instead of hummus & pita.   the place is small, it's counter service. there are two tables inside and one table outside.  so i had decided to take it to go.   i remembered from my previous visit to yanni's that i wasn't a huge fan of the tzatziki, it had too much dill for my liking, just my personal preference. the pita was warm and soft, but the gyro meat (a combo of lamb and beef) was a bit dry this time around, and it had a slight discoloration on one side of the meat, like the part that was on the outside of the spit, maybe too long. the garlic fries were pretty good. guess i'm underwhelmed.
simply delicious and great people,  so if you're in town stop by this place you won't regret it.
one of my greek go-to's is yanni's. they open a new location or move somewhere else, somehow, i tend to find them. this location is the tiniest one i've been to so, the best thing to do is to call for a to-go order.  chicken gyro: chicken, tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. the pita is warm and fluffy. the chicken is not dry. 4/5  beef/lamb gyro: beef/lamb, tzatziki, onions and tomatoes. 4/5  garlic feta fries: they have my favorite greek fries in town. garlicky, flavorful, tangy yet creamy feta on top of crispy fried potatoes.  you could give me a bucket of these fries and tell me that's all i can eat all day and i'll be more than happy. yuuuuummm!!!  5/5  baklava: it's average. i rarely order baklava from here because i'd rather spend my calories on their fries. 3/5  i'm a creature of habit. so, i always get my gyro, fries + black tea combo everytime i come here and life is good.
as promised, 5 stars.  they extended!! now have a public restroom  & a lounge area for live music i'm guessing.  i love what they did to the place, it's so charming and characteristic.   ruby did a great job as our server and as always everyone is kind and welcoming. great job yanni, we appreciate the outstanding consistency
great greek food. ordered the chicken shish kabob plate and it was nice. ate here a few times in vegas and wasn't disappointed. run by a nice family too. highly recommend when staying at south point or grandview.
wow. incredible gyro. portion was huge, perfectly sliced and cooked meat, accented with parsley, and the sauce was very dill'd which is my favorite.. will definitely be back
i thoroughly enjoyed a gyro salad on my last night in the area. after a long day of sightseeing i actually finished the enormous salad. meat was tasty as was the yogurt sauce. i am used to it having more tang, but it was still good.
best gyro in town. they are the real deal. combination of ground beef and lamb made on the pemisis.  everything here is authentic and fresh. i have found my gyro nirvanna. yipee! by the way, super nice staff as well.
went here before. food was good and the portions were generous and the service was fast and friendly
walked in. ordered. got my food in five minuets or so. they weren't very busy. i got the food to go. i got the gyro platter. the food is awesome. would recommend it to anyone. there aren't many greek restaurants in town. i will definitely be back.
seriously the best greek food in vegas!!! and to top it off... the owner is the coolest guy ever!
i love this place! great food and staff! the euros are delicious and so are the fries! this place will be one of our regulars!
delicious!  just ate there for the first time. had the chicken gyro and the garlic fries. omg! yum!
what a great place. we visited yanni's while visiting vegas for ces. mike, the chef, greeted us and shared with us all his suggestions, which we took him up on. fantastic gyros with the unique suggestion of caramelized onions and the garlic feta fries were to die for. we'll be back for sure.
this place is decent if you're looking for a quick bite. yanni was friendly and there is definitely a family vibe here. not the best food i've had, but it will do in a pinch.
great food! quick & easy. $10-$15. combo value meal is worth it. also, the chicken kabob plate is amazing.
stopped in for a quick pre flight lunch on our way home to nola. fantastic!! everything was fresh, and delicious. the service was quick and friendly. they even gave us a baklava on the house.
this place is solid. we've been 3 times now. i always get the gyro, my wife the gyro plate, and my son the beef kabob plate. everything  is very good. they load up the gyro pita/sandwich with meat. the rice with the plates is very good as well, they also come with a nice mini greek side salad. i always get the garlic fets fries, they're good but need a touch additional seasoning (salt). friendly staff. they make it fresh so it takes maybe 10 min but worth it. tables are kinda small so large party's take note.   i'm a huge fan of gyros, this is a close second place to the best in town and i've been here nearly 20 years.   maybe a touch over priced, i was tempted to go to 4 stars because of that but nice staff, fresh ingredients, and nice meaty portions made up for it. definitely worth a try.
great place and food. simply adorable with the new remodling they did. i would defiantly come here again. everything is seasoned well.
my fiancé comes here for work lunches. he and his colleagues love it. the service is great and the food is amazing. no complaints at all. plenty of parking and a very convenience location. this has to be the go-to greek food spot.
i wish i never heard of this place. mainly because i'll be eating here 3 times a week. good gyro, great greek fries. real greek experience.
a little more expensive than i thought. we ordered two meals and spent 24 bucks but it was worth it. it was our first time there and he gave us two free drinks. the kabobs are good but the thing i ordered is divine. garlic feta fries paired with chicken gyro amazing. mu have never tasted anything like it. highly recommend.
garlic fries are aaaaaaamazing!!!! place is clean and yanni serves you herself! food is fresh and delicious.
this place is super authentic and really really good! probably one of the best greek restaurants i've been to. the owner is really nice and he let me have a two meat combo on my salad that's not on the traditional menu! so happy with our experience!
this greek restaurant is legit, its a hidden gem here in las vegas. its a small restaurant, but it's not usually packed. (im surprised it isnt knowing their food is amazing, but then again i came here around 2-3pm)  i had lamb chops which was really soft, usually lamb chops ive tried here in vegas are chewy (because its not fresh), but theirs was really good. top it off with some garlic feta fries, i have no idea how they "marinade" it but its super good. service is great, too.  while i'm writing this i asked my husband to drive over there and get me some garlic feta fries just cuz i was craving for it :p
i'm lebanese and i tried this place based on reviews.   very disappointed.   first off the hummus was watery with no flavor.   then i tried the chicken shawarma which  was way to dry,  does not even look like shawarma,  just looks like chicken on rice and the falafel was way over cooked and with no flavor.  never will return again, what an insult.  try your food before you serve it!!!!
i liked the food until i got food poisoning!!! chicken skewers were actually raw.. like they cooked them for 5 minutes.. unreal!! never eating there again even if it's free after getting so sick
awesome food and a really nice family that runs the place! classic gyro and garlic fries are really good.
this place is definitely one of las vegas' hidden treasures. the food is authentic.  the staff is friendly. the baklava is to die for. we will definitely keep going back.
stopped in for a quick lunch. their specialty fries are pretty tasty with lots of feta on them.  the meal (an open faced gyro type dish) was very good but huge.  i wound up just eating the meat, olives and feta out of it and giving up on the rest.   delicious food, good service in a quiet place; i'll visit if i'm on the south side again.
came across this place from a yelp search something must be up with all of the 5 start ratings! unassuming from they storefront but don't let that fool you. once inside cozy ambiance with couch seating and a stage setup for live entertainment. but what about the food you ask? it'a awesome well prepared fresh made. i had the gyro and ordered their feta fries and i added a small greek salad. gyro tasted great what you would expect with all those greek flavors, pita bread soft ingredients inside tasted like they cut it to order. feta fries great flavor they smelled killer and taste the same must try. finally the in-house made baklava crisp and not too sweet perfect! i wanted to get coffee with but they dump their coffee at 7:00 one hour before close oh well lol! parking easy staff very friendly. too bad it not near where i live but now i know where to go for great affordable greek chow!
fast and healthy! love the chicken gyro! ! ! all white meat it is so flavorful the garlic feta fries are great as well. customer service is great as well.
excellent service, unfortunately their food did not cut it for us. they a heavily welcomed father and son shop by the locals. we wanted to order a shawarma, but they ran out of batter. i vaguely remember reading somewhere they offer huge portion size which is  incorrect. our fries look like a half order compared to the average orders elsewhere. the meat lacked taste and the stuff grapeleaves (dolmades) was overly smushy. giving two star because they kindly offered to replace with another item.
i went for lunch as first time customer and walked away very impressed....and full! i had the greek salad, a side of hummus and pita and garlic feta fries. the service and kitchen time was above average. the food was also above average, just excellent. the salad was perfectly dressed, fries cooked perfect and pita nice and warm. i would recommend any greek food lovers to go here!
i eat gyros everywhere i go. i do the same thing with pad thai and calamari. this place has one of the best gyros i've had anywhere! the pita is fresh, the meat is perfectly seasoned and the portion is generous. as long as they keep the quality high, i'll keep coming back! by the way, get the baklava!!
the food here is amazing! best hummus we have found in las vegas. the service is amazing, the food is cooked to perfection. the quality of the food is also amazing. ask for extra garlic sauce, it's made in house and will leave you craving it daily!
best gyro i think i have ever had very good traditional greek food everything seems to be homemade friendly and clean atmosphere
hands down best greek restaurant in the city of vegas. it is my 4th time here and this place keeps getting better! i am not on the payroll...but please get the gyro platter!
pretty good food. seems to be a little overpriced for what you get. gyro was good, the feta fries were amazing.
one of my favorite greek spots!! i've tried other restaurants and the flavor does not compare to yanni's! forever loyal from now on
this place is a hidden gem! there food is excellent! go in and see mike and ask for the special garlic fries!
we had the chicken gyro and garlic feta fries. so delicious.  our waiter was friendly and attentive. we wish we lived closer so we could come here again.
gyro is huge, meat is well seasoned and not dry. the garlic fries are amazing! great spot for take out!
3.5 stars for food. i really enjoyed the shawarma. it was very flavorful.  the dolmades was good too. it has the right acidity on it. the gyro, however, was dry and lacking flavor. the garlic feta fries lacks garlic flavor and it tasted like an old refried fries. if it's not then it was way over cooked.   3 stars for the price: we paid $26.10 for 2 combo sandwich wrap with one side each. fyi their combo doesn't come with drinks. you would assume for the price it does.
first time to pick up food from yanni's yesterday,  the best beef/lamb shwarma ever. the meat melts in your mouth. the gentleman i spoke to when i called in to order convinced me their meat is imported from australia and doesn't have that peculiar taste and smell of a lamb, very very true. this place is highly recommended .
this is the fourth time we've eaten here and we absolutely love it. we keep coming back because the garlic feta fries are out of this world. they are so good and so addicting. i always get a chicken kebab plate and my hubby always gets a gyro which he loves. one thing to note is they do not have a restroom and their dining area is small. but otherwise a great quick lunch or dinner spot
so the only reason i am giving 3 stars is we dined in thinking they would have adequate seating. boy was i wrong. they had a tv on playing a hockey game which was so loud i couldn't pay attention to anything else.   also, i order a chicken greek salad and totally had a brain fart and forgot to ask for the dressing on the side. when i was finally able to track the owner down he was not super kind about the request saying that he had already made it and kinda huffing & puffing about how he would have to make a new one. i am way to big of a push over and agreed that it would be fine.   the salad was actually quite delicious and thankfully he didn't totally overdo it with the dressing but it was still a little too oily. the food alone is at least 4 starts and i might be back but only for take out and now i know to ask for the dressing on the side.   the owner did offer after the food came out to make me another one if i didn't like it, but it would have been nice to have been offered that option first.   they also have no restrooms and served my meal on a paper plate. in my opinion, it's a take out only place.
best greek food in town!!! gyro, large and delicious and feta fries to write home about!!!
my hubby insisted that i had to come in and try this geek food in a mom and pop type shop, so i finally gave it a try today! boy have i been missing out on some amazing food! i got the chicken salad and hummus, which was so delicious and so fresh and healthy!  the owners were so nice and made my first experience a memorable one! you can count on me and my husband returning!
great greek food! i ordered the traditional gyro and garlic feta fries combo and boy were they generous with the portions!
best greek food!! everything from delicious gyros, shawarmas, dolmas, crispy garlic fries, fresh greek salads and tasty pita bread. everything was very fresh and authentic. definitely a low key spot. can't wait to go back!
the spanikoputa spring rolls were an amazing start...i could make a meal out of the two generously sized rolls that are the appetizer! i had the gyro platter and was very pleased. the lamb was seasoned well and had a slight char around the edges, the pita bread was soft and chewy, and i even really enjoyed the rice (i am not usually a huge fan of rice, but this had a nice flavor to it)! i also ordered a side of babaghanoush, which was delicious  (although i wish they had given us a larger portion for $4.50...at least filled up the container!) i did order one extra order of pita bread for the babaghanoush and an extra tzatziki sauce, because i like lots of sauce! i had uber eats deliver it and everything was hot and fresh when it arrived. i will definitely order from yanni's again!
i ordered the traditional gyro combo with garlic fries, price was $10.99 but their servings are generous. the traditional gyro was all good, soft fresh pita, tasty meat, fresh vegetables and  greek yogurt sauce. the garlic feta fries were crispy and full of flavor with the feta and garlic sauce on them.  this place is in the strip mall on the corner of las vegas blvd and silverado ranch, behind the del taco and next to capriotti's. it has about 15-20 tables that seat 4 each. i just did a takeout order, but the place is roomy enough to handle a 20-40 people. this is my first time here, so  i will be revisiting the place and will see how they do in the long run.
excellent food and reasonably priced. no bathroom or ice. other than that its great. definitely going on my lunch spot list.
every time i get urge for greek food, i come here because it's close to me.  last time, when i ordered through yelp, there was some confusion and my order wasn't in. so i recommend calling instead.  love their salad, gyro and chicken shawarma platter. the salad is always fresh and the gyro and chicken shawarma are nice and flavorful.  i always order take out. i wish they have more seating area.
my wife was looking for a good kebob place close to home.  i told her there wasn't one.  she said yelp it so i did.  i was wrong.  we found this place.  foid was good and reasonably priced.  will definitely be returning.
food was delicious!  i ate my side salad first and they noticed i had not eaten my platter just yet, they brought me a fresh hot one!!! that's excellent service. i was taken by surprise. definitely recommend eating here if you are looking for good greek food. the gyro meat is sliced a little thicker than most places and they are not stingy with it!
my boyfriend and i found this place while vacationing in vegas. he loved the gyro  and i ordered chicken kebab and garlic fries. food was fresh and the service was great. owner friendly, i give it five stars and recommend highly.
we're first timers here so my husband and i were pretty excited to try it and it's great that it's so close to where we live! i ordered the chicken shawarma plate which comes with salad, pita, rice pilaf and really tasty chicken! my husband ordered the traditional (lamb and beef) pita and garlic feta fries!       we ordered to go but the staff was really friendly and explained how the menu works. everything was clean and the interior is simple but works with the cuisine. first off the portions are huge! and even in the to go box the presentation was nice and appetizing! everything is basically just super tasty and fresh! this new venture was so worth it and i'm happy! we're definitely going to come back and hopefully try the baklava!
the garlic feta fries really are delicious!  kind of an interesting hole-in-the-wall like place, considering they don't have much seating and no bathrooms.  still, they turn out some good greek food.  we tried the beef/lamb shawarma pita and it was pretty delicious.  their fries and their meat have good crunch to them, which could be off-putting, but i like it!
stopped in and picked up a piece of homemade baklava as a special treat.  what a disappointment!  nothing more than pastry sheets and honey with little to no filling.  sadly, we won't be back.
i can't say enough great things about this place. the service is impeccable. the fooooood is so flavorful, fresh, and satisfying. this may be the best greek food i've ever eaten. the prices are a bit higher than i expected, but it was well worth the price. the portions are very generous. the garlic feta fries are a must. the chicken on the kebab plate was lean and moist. they didn't skimp on the meat in the gyro, either. go there. you will not be disappointed.
ok, maybe they were just having an off day when i was here...but my expectations were definitely not met. overall the place is ...meah   food and service had problems...and even our bill. the whole experience was just one problem after the next...and everyone doesn't seem the least bit happy. idk...maybe they were just having a off day!   i will not be back here any time soon, sorry :-)
i got an order of the gyro sandwich. the meat was dry, but savory. overall the sandwich was decent.  someone in my group ordered the side hummus. what a small order for the price... the flavor was just okay too.
oh my, what a find in one of the many strip malls in las vegas.   small with 4 tables inside. everyone was so nice; checking in to see how we were doing.   we tried a trio sampler:  baba ganoush, dolmades and kreotopita (spring rolls with ground beef) with a garlic dipping sauce. of the three we loved the beef spring rolls and dip the best. everything was fresh made and you could taste it too    down side is they don't have fountain drinks so they sell cans of soda and water and no public bathroom (you can go to del taco across the way).  even with that i will definitely recommend to family and friends. the food definitely rates 5 stars.
don't confuse this place with the other yannis...trust me..not the same.  this place is sooooo much better.  their gyros are one of the best ive had.  its nice little family owned restaurant.  the staff was super friendly.  the food is always good.  tale out is fast for those days i just want to be at home.  my fiance love this place. he always orders the steak and chicken kebabs.  highly recommend this place.
first of all, the owner and cashier of this place is the sweetest man alive. customer service is at top notch.  second of all, we ordered a lamb gyro, garlic feta fries, spanikopita, stuffed grape leaves, some other kind of kopita i cannot remember, and baklava.  everything came out prompt, and the food was incredible. the garlic feta fries were out of this world. the lamb in the gyro was moist and tender. the spanikopita and "other" kopita were crispy, hot, cheesy, and delicious. my husband was very suspicious of the stuffed grape leaves, but ended up loving them. the texture can be a bit off-putting if you don't know what to expect, but they were doused with lemon-y goodness and went well with the fried portion of our meal, as a nice offset.  the baklava was covered in sticky, honey goodness.  next time i'm craving greek, we'll be back.  the only downside is that it is 40 minutes away on the other side of town!
amazing greek food and super friendly owner/opporrator. he took the time to give a little greek food leson.
stopped here for lunch on our way to arizona, the people were really nice and welcoming, we got the food pretty fast i had the chicken shawarma and it was delicious! it's an authentic little place definitely will stop by here again!
my friend and i haven't had greek food in a long time and decided to give this greek restaurant out a try.  i ordered the gyro combo and my friend got the shawarma combo and each dish were very good and this restaurant hit the spot for our greek food fix.  we both will definitely be back again.
clearly a neighborhood establishment, not a high end restaurant (but they don't pretend to be), the food was great, but lacked any kind of atmosphere. the food was fresh and very tasty, and the place was clean. the prices were very reasonable.
the gyro is the best in vegas! the feta fries are delicious! i will definitely go back.
amazing chicken gyro and garlic feta fries!!  i would highly recommend going here if you want some great geek food.  plenty of seating inside but i usually carry out which they are always timely as well!! 5 stars for sure!
mm mm so good, the tzaziki is the best i've ever had such a clean taste.   yanni is a friendly guy too.  been forever since we've had a great new place in the sw.
great food, smelled and tasted fantastic. prices very affordable. we will be coming back soon.very nice and helpfully staff.
so happy i found this place near mountains edge! great ambience and even better food!!
legit delicious greek food. they are very friendly and appears to be family run. i recommend you eat here.
so delicious! the tzatziki is perfect for the gyros. delicious stuffed grape leaves, and scrumptious crispy fries.  huge portions and great service! a little mom and pop shop that's located near capriottis and i wish it wasn't because i feel people get drawn to the capriotti name and miss this gem!
a hole in the wall with a limited menu but man do they do what they do very well. i ordered simple steak kabob and garlic fries and it was off the chart. flavor, flavor, flavor. i order this at other greek places but it's never been this good. it's close to my house so i can already see myself coming up here frequently. well priced and will exceed your expectations.
delicious! comparable to the primo mediterranean food i enjoy back home in the san francisco bay area. reasonable prices for the quantity and quality of the food. quick and friendly service. authentic greek food. yum.
yes this place is great!  yummy gyro's and a different type of spinach pie.  the spanakopita is served rolled up in thin, crispy philo dough like a spring roll.  the owner is a friendly older greek man and the servers are all so nice and friendly.  not the cheapest but definitely huge portions and tasty food.  their gyro salad fits in my low carb diet so i get a carry out usually once a week.  this is my favorite mediterranean restaurant in vegas.  they have since expanded their dining area and doubled the space.
great family owned local spot. if you like greek food this place is the best i've had in las vegas. i normally go with the filet steak kebab plate or a greek salad. but i have tried most of the menu here and never once had a bad meal. owners are friendly and they have actually just expanded the space so there are more tables now for their dinner rush !! try it out you will not be disappointed !
loved the place, it is an authentic greek restaurant, went on a monday lunch and i felt that it should be busier because it's really good and the price is right. the rice is awesome! we had to order extra to go. got the lamb kebab and the shawarma and we loved it. coming back for sure
delicious and savory gyros, tasty garlic feta fries and great hummus! great friendly service!
yum, yum yum, yum. my meal was like a friend bringing me over for a home-cooked yum fest! the flavors were well balanced, the ingredients were fresh and i'm a happy camper! will definitely be back for more!
i have never posted on yelp before but i felt this was important.  i consider myself a greek food snob and it's very hard to find quality.  greek food can be screwed up very easily.  this was flawless.  this is my first time eating here and will be my favorite lunch spot.   keep up the good work.
had the gyro, delicious. my boyfriend picked up the food for me. full review coming soon.
really good greek food. the gyros are huge the salad is so fresh tasting and the salad dressing is super light and yummy. my husband got the gyro with fries and they were perfectly crispy.
bomb.com! got the gyro salad and it was amazing! hummus was excited as well. can't wait to go back again
i never leave reviews but this place is just too damn good. i'm mid meal and it's incredible. fresh quality ingredients the flat bread is home made and perfectly charred. feta fries to die for. greek food just doesn't get much better than this
i love the gyros and theirs are great. the people there are so nice. the garlic feta fries are the best!
one of the best gyros on the eastside.  yanni's greek grill is a no-frills diner with focus on great tasting greek food.  the owner does the cooking in an open area with his wife (i think).  strangely, the cooking area behind the counter is 3-4 times bigger than the dining area, which only has 2-3 tables (there are more tables outside).  the owner is very friendly and easygoing.  we asked if there was any relation to yanni's gyros.  he said that he used to own it, sold it, and opened up this new place.  i followed up with "so that means the food here is better than the other place, right?"  the owner smiled and said he wasn't sure.  i got the shawarma pita combo with the garlic freta fries.  the shawarma uses the same meat as the gyro, except instead of tzaziki sauce, it comes with shawarma sauce.  i found the shawarma sauce to be in-between the creamy white tzaziki sauce and the heavy hummus mix.  i asked for some tzaziki sauce and converted the second half of my pita into a normal gyro, which i preferred more.  the gyro/shawarma pita is huge.  the gyro meat was delicious, tasty with consistent texture.  the pita came with significantly more meat than yanni's gyros; i didn't taste any difference in the meat between the two, but my friend said that the meat at yanni's greek grill was a little saltier.  the garlic fries were tasty and similar to that offered by yanni's gyros.   what to do: order and pay at the counter.  the owner will then bring the food to your table, along with plastic utensils and napkins.  when finished, just leave your plates at the table and the owner will cleanup.  tip jar is located on the counter.  there is plenty of parking in the mall lot.  there is no public restroom in the restaurant.
this place is hands down delicious every time. tons of food for the price and the staff is friendly and helpful. it's a little small inside, but i've only ordered takeout so that's fine by me. if there's a downside, it's that they close at 8pm. other than that, gyros, hummus, greek fries, kotopita, etc. you really can't go wrong.
we saw the good reviews so thought we would give it a shot. food was excellent and service was great! we ordered the traditional gyro plate that comes with rice pilaf and salad and wow was it good. my husband had to pick out all the cucumbers because he hates them but other then that it was perfect. they give you a pita on the side and next time i will make sure to order a second one because it was a little small for all the food they give you. they have a small sitting area so it is def a much more of a take out kinda spot which is fine with us. can't wait to go back already!!
outstanding gyros, best i've had in vegas after 15 years here.  lots of meat and nice presentation.  the restaurant is clean and the staff is super polite.  i walked in and they said 10min for my order l, it took only 5.  my only complaints - they ran out of pastitsio and no moussaka on the menu!  i'll be back.
i lived in greece for about 5 years. i love greek food. this restaurant is the second one i've tried in the past 10 years that i can say was totally authentic and delicious! if you are looking real, good greek food.. this is your place!
this has been if not one of the best greek food i've had in this town in a long time. yanni's has the best fries i've tasted in a long time!!! also there gyros is epic! as a concierge it's very important that i recommend good food, entertainment, attractions and just overall awesome experience to my clients. as far as good greek food yanni's is the place to go!
this place is great one of my new favorites! the food is so fresh and yummy! i love that they're available through grubhub for delivery.. its so awesome!
oww oww oww where do i begin came to check this place out and i must say as soon as i walked in the door i was greeted by a tall handsome man i think his name was mike:) and he made me feel right at home with his service. it was my first time and mike took the tome to explain everything on the menu to me. he recommended the gyro/gf and i must say once i got it my mouth was watering just from the smell and when i took my first bite i was in heaven. you have me sold and i will he back thanks again mike:) i highly recommend this place
amazing service and amazing food! ruby, our server was on it the moment we walked in.  they weren't too busy but it was 330p. (probably between rushes) nonetheless, she didn't make us feel stupid even after stating it was out first time.  she answered all our questions and made valid recommendations.  we came because we found it on yelp.  and we were pleased with our choice.    the was good too!  the pita bread tasted fresh, the lamb skewer was cooked medium, but it was just as good as ruby said it would be.  the crispy feta fries was amazing!   will definitely be back!
first time i had greek food in vegas. food was delicious. service was excellent. very friendly staff. will be coming back for more
love love love this place! not only are the people so welcoming but the food is absolutely amazing. granted, i order the same things all the time, it always hits the spot and is really delicious! one week i was going everyday to get my fix. a must try is their garlic fries and chicken schwarma plate. you're welcome. lol.
great new lunch place find. my co-worker and i decided to try this place out after visiting the sandwich shop next door several times. we were pleasantly surprised. the place was newly remodeled and decorated in classic greek blue. we were greeted at the door where we placed our orders. we both chose the chicken pita combo with hummus. the hummus and pita arrived shortly after we sat down. the pita seemed homemade and the hummus was delicious. next came our sandwiches...great flavor and the chicken was cooked perfectly.  the owner and other family members made us feel welcomed and checked on us often.  the service was perfect for a quick lunch. we will definitely be back and we can't wait to try more items on the menu.
glad to see so many great reviews for yanni's.   i had the food delivered through a service.  love mediterranean food, so i opted for yanni's because of its nearby location to my residence, and because i was hungry and did not want to wait long.   i ordered the appetizer falafel balls and the gyro platter.  serving sizes were more than i expected, that's great.  however, i found the food very salty, that's bad.  falafel was not fresh and tasty, it was salty.  salad that came with the platter was fresh, but the meat was salty.  i am trying to eat healthy, and salt is not a healthy choice.  guess i found yanni's not worth its salt!
second time here, so tired of the attitudes of the employees, this time what appeared to the owner's son.  they serve things on cheap plastic platters.  the sauces did not seem homemade and if they were, they were oily and runny.  the grape leaves are store-bought, greasy, oily things that have sat in cans too long.  the pita is thick and tasteless, no spices and hardly heated.  the only thing that was decent was the chicken, but for $35, crappy food, attitudes, and cheap plastic, we're not going back.  there is no way this place would get anywhere close to 4.5 stars in a major metropolitan area.  who is writing these reviews??
hubs and i stopped on our way thru vegas for lunch. holy gamoley!! fabulous food and lots of it. gyros and garlic fries were to die for. no room for dessert but their turkish style baklava liked yummy. great service and a quick stop. they've just added a music podium and plan to have live music starting in april. will definitely be back.
clean little greek restaurant in strip mall next to my favorite dry cleaners  (mc cleaners) the owner takes great pride in his establishment and also his food is amazing!! fresh and very delicious!  large portions for the price!!  i'm impressed with the quality and love to see places like this in town that aren't chains.  check them out...  not a lot of seating room, but i like mine to go anyway ;-) worth every star!!
came in for dinner right before closing but they seated me anyway. i ordered the traditional gyro combo, and it was really good. fresh veggies, great seasoning on the meat, tasty sauce. i could bathe in the garlic feta fries; they are really really good. nice little restaurant off the main drag. would eat there again the next time i'm in the area.
glad they moved to the neighborhood. extremely fresh food, made to order. the chicken kabob plate is my choice of meals. owner operated which i love and they are extremely friendly people. a+++
very delicious. must have gyro with garlic feta fries.  hummus good too. fast, friendly service and reasonably priced.
chicken kabob i ordered was terrible. service was non existent. also they are not greek if you care about that kind of thing.
had the beef and lamb shwarma... so awesome! delicious. really friendly and great service.
ruby was an amazing server. this place is awesome! get the gyro - you can't go wrong. delicious. affordable. great place.
our server was extremely friendly and the food was adequate. she had recommended that we split an appetizer and a $13 entrée, and it turned out to be enough to share for lunch. i appreciated her tip. they seem to do good business with the south point visitors coming from across the way. the environment is definitely casual-to-austere. the lamb was very tasty, i must say.
great food, i especially enjoyed the rice that comes with the gyro platter. the fresh pita and feta fries are really good too. service was friendly and fast. i can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu!
great place. authentic greek gyros. garlic gets fries are awesome and so is the salad. always hits the spot. check it out...u won't be disappointed
excellent authentic food and there are large portions at a good price. highly recommend!
my fave greek place hands down. i love the chicken shwarma plate. consistently yummy an i've eaten it at least a dozen times - have never had a poor experience. the staff are super friendly too!
gentleman said they cut the meat from the grill and cannot get extra meat when i opened plate , it looked packaged meat from a grocery store . asked for no garlic and there was more garlic then a garlic factory . thank you
i haven't had greek food before and i tried this place for the first time. i had a late lunch and it was pretty busy when i came in so it has to be good. i ordered the traditional greek pita that was suggested but the owner named mike and i also got the garlic feta fries and it was amazing and the customer service just as great i will definitely come back again! the food taste very authentic and everyone was super nice and polite
this may sound a bit silly, but i've never actually been to yanni's; delivery only! working the hours that we do, there are some nights where my roommate and i just want to lay on the couch and order in, and pizza every time just isn't an option. so, we stumbled upon yanni's and they did not disappoint! the greek salad is pretty standard but delicious nonetheless. all the pitas i have tried are superior to most greek places i've been: they're very big and the meat is high quality. my personal fave is the garlic feta fries which are amazing; a must try. delivery is extremely quick (sometimes 15 minutes) and the food never disappoints; two simple reasons for my repeat business.
no beer or wine!   they lied i believe they have been around long enough to get the beer and wine license huh... it says they have it on yelp liar!
authentic greek food made by greeks. you can tell the quality of ingredients. best tzatziki sauce and the best falafel i have ever tasted. they said it is because they form the balls per order; they are never frozen. the $10.99 combo gives you enough food for 2 meals. most gyro meat i have ever seen on a sandwich. excellent dolmas; 6 came with my side choice for the combo. will come back again whenever i am craving greek food.
if money is not an issue for you then i do recommend this place but my husband and i have come here a few times and looove the food but the price for 2 combo meals and 2 drinks is extremely expensive.  almost $30. i didnt even get a receipt from the register i only got the receipt from the cc machine and with no detail of how much exactly was each meal and drinks. im guessing he just makes up a number. its hard to say no more to this place because the food is so good but its not the only greek grill in town so we probably wont be back.
i came here by mistake looking for a different yanni's. the people are nice but the food is just average and prices a dollar or so higher than i expected.
i kept passing by yanni's greek grill for awhile before i decided to go inside and try out their food. yanni's is small, housed behind the del taco and it's possible to miss seeing the sign if you're not looking for it sometimes, but it's there and it is worth eating there. the first time i ordered from there, i got the chicken shawarma platter (all platters include orzo rice pilaf, small greek salad, and pita bread). the people behind the counter were friendly and my take-out food arrived quickly. i took my food home and ate the most delicious greek food i've had in a really long time. i was also surprised by how filling the platter was, so much so that i was full the rest of the day.  i've also ordered the combo value meal with shawarma and a side dish of garlic feta fries. the food, especially the fries, blew my mind. the value meal also is enough food to keep me full the rest of the day, so unless you're a bottomless pit, i don't suggest getting some yanni's late in the day.  i keep going back to yanni's greek grill because the food is amazing and i'm satisfied with their customer service. i've never eaten in, as i'm usually too busy to, but while there isn't a public restroom, there yanni's are friendly folk who make you feel at home, something i've witnessed time and time again while i waited for my food and other people were eating in. if you're in the area, definitely stop by yanni's greek grill. i know i'm probably already there. ;)
my husband and i just ordered 2 chicken gyros with the feta fries and they were great! lots of chicken and full of flavor,we also tried the baklava it was amazing:) we will def order from here again.
this place is so good. the orzo is amazing and buttery or something - but so tasty. truthfully, i've only gotten the chicken kabob takeout and i would love to actually eat in.   great lunch portions. i'd be happy to update my review once i get to actually stay and not take my food to go!
went here today for take-out. the food here is really good! the lady at the front was super friendly and helpful, told her it was my first time there and she explained the menu to me and recommended some of their most popular items.  ended up getting the gyro platter which comes with the meat, greek salad with light oil dressing, and rice pilaf. the meat is so good! perfectly seasoned, not too salty. the rice pilaf is a mix of rice and orzo pasta, must of been cooked in some type of broth because it smelled and tasted so good! th salad has olives, onions, cucumber, tomatoes and feta cheese on top, very good!  also got an order of feta garlic fries... oh my god .. garlicky goodness. the fries are so crispy, very strong garlic flavors which i love, the sauce that comes with the fries is so good! will definitely come back for more!!
great food at a reasonable price. had a couple weird requests and they met them with ease. no onsite restroom and dining area is small so this is best for take out
honestly, this is one of the best greek food restaurants i've ever ordered from! their kotopita spring rolls are amazing in the sauce that comes with it is very tasty! if you're looking for greek food - definitely check this place out!
really well made traditional greek foods. made fresh in house. if you like greek food check this place put. they do a large carryout business and the prices are very reasonable
the owner was very nice but the place had no seating and my salad was extremely bitter. they only had 3 tables. the kicthen was so huge though. maybe it was previously like that and didn't want to put the money into the place. the salad was not fresh and i was very disappointed. it looked like it came out of one of those salad bags. the cucumbers were bitter and the tomatoes were very bland. i don't even think there was even dressing. the pita bread was good and the meat was but wouldn't go back. the reason i have 2 stars is because the owner is nice but they need fresh ingredients.
i went there on a saturday afternoon and i kept driving by it. it's very small and definitely a takeout rather than a dine in place.   moving right along, the whole reason i went is because i'm obsessed with chicken lemon rice soup and went there just to order this. i get to the counter and place my order but they have run out :( i'm disappointed. it's only like 4pm.    so i order a greek salad and a shawarma plate. very salty. everything was so salty. and i love salt! i usually add it to everything. maybe an off day? who knows? i haven't been back since nor do i plan on it.   owner was nice and very apologetic about the soup situation which is why they got 2 stars.
amazing food. yumm! it's fresh, makes you feel semi-healthy, and delicious! not to mention, the woman that took my order is so sweet and patient with my indecisiveness. she explained the different options since i wanted chicken, salad, and the oh-so-tasty garlic fries. def my new lunch break stop!
the rice pilaf is some of the best i have tasted and they feed you a hearty portion. plus i was able to get it fast with delivery from grubhub!
i love greek food and have been searching for a good place in vegas. unfortunately my old go-to was a victim of the recession.  i saw yanni's on yelp a few weeks after it opened and so far all the reviews were excellent.  they were not busy when we stopped in. the owner himself waited on us. he was a pleasant guy, said he'd been in the business something like 35 years. the other staff were quite friendly as well, chatting with us as they prepared the food. my husband is a gyro fan and he was very pleased with the quality, taste and portion size. myself, i go for the lamb souvlaki.  it was perfectly cooked - not too over done and dried out as i've had a lot of places do. portions size was good as well and their tzatziki sauce is delicious. definitely our new favorite greek restaurant! we will be back - many times!
great pit stop on our trip out to zion and bryce! delicious falafel and traditional gyro and super tasty tsaziki and tahini.  super fresh, homemade pita bread! can't go wrong..
combo deal is well worth it. loaded with shaved meat lettuce and fixins. they offer a variety of options for the side but garlic feta fries are the way to go.
i think they were going through some remodeling when i went because the seating area looked like it needed some tlc and they didn't have ice water so i had to purchase bottled water. at yanni's, you order at the register, pay, and then they bring out your food.   i had the gyro greek salad and was not impressed at all. usually, i love these at any greek or mediterranean restaurant but here the gyro meat was way too oily and the greens were kind old old looking and super bitter. it seems like they get really good reviews so i will give them another chance. my salad also came with grilled pita bread. i though it was funny that the only hot sauce they had was asian chili sauce... lol   the service was great... the cashier was very friendly and kept checking up on me and so did the owner/chef.
food was very good, great portions  as well, friendly staffs, this place has all the elements  to be a great local  place. best luck!
amazing greek food! the chicken kebab and feta fries are to die for! service was incredible as well. loved everything about this place!
food was great and portions were huge.  we had the feta fries, gyro platter, grilled athenian chicken platter, and the kopita spring rolls.  all of it was good,  no complaints here
this is literally the best greek restaurant in the world as of now! why..... because they offer exquisite service, food and an overall unforgettable experience! i honestly felt like i was in greece eating my meal!! people you need to try this place out! i guarantee you won't be displeased! gods greatest creation was yannis greek grill!!
wow! amazing hidden gem. everything was fresh and perfectly seasoned. very traditional flavors but a great spin on the spanokopita!
probably had greek food maybe twice in my life so i thought i'd give it another shot since its in the neighborhood. got the regular gyro and garlic fries combo for $12 and worth every penny. food was fresh and there was plenty. reading the menu while waiting for to go order, i'll be ordering the steak skewers next time. the garlic fries were definitely a hit with me.
i've been trying to eat here ever since our last vegas trip when someone told us that these guys have the best gyros ever. on our drive in from vegas last week we stopped by.  we got seated right away and the host/server/cashier was very friendly. unfortunately we waited over 15 minutes for a server to come and take our drink and food order so we just left. there was only one other couple in the restaurant so i don't know why it tiook so long to get service. on our way out a server said he was walking to our table to get our order but at that point it was already too late.   it was a shame because i really wanted to try this place. we tried to come back before we left but couldn't find the time. i'll review this restaurant again after we have the food.
my friend and i decided to eat here not too long ago.  the food we ordered was very tasty and nicely presented, though the gyro was a bit heavy.  overall, i enjoyed their food and service very much.    why then only 2 stars?    i will order take out, but will not dine in again because i feel it is absolutely unacceptable to not provide a bathroom for the patrons.  both my friend and i experienced quite an unpleasant episode where we had to run around to find a restroom.  i am guessing this must be a health department violation and it needs to get fixed.  it made our experience stressful and much less enjoyable.    2 stars for now... once they provide restroom(s), 3.5-4 stars.
my favorite greek spot in vegas. feta fries are the bomb and fillet mignon is so so so so good!!!!
yannis is the best. pita and hummus is the best hummus i've ever had and the chicken gyro is amazing. my husband and i come here every chance we get.
went here on valentine's day.  super service. i ordered the spanakopita apitizer and lamb gyro. the spanakopita was really, really good. the owner said she makes them homemade. i loved the fact that they were uniquely made into egg rolls.  it was like greek asian fried fusion.   so good.  gyro was pretty good but the meat was a bit on the dry side.  my hubby ordered the baba ganoush and falafel pita. he loved the baba and he said his gyro was really good.  if i lived in vegas i would definitely go back but i was just traveling through. maybe next time.
stopped in today after watching a show last night where someone was having a gyro.  so i yelp gyro to find the closest one.  lucky for me it was yannis.  i have been to the middle east so i am familiar with their style of kabob and shawarma.   but this was my first "real" gyro.  i think i had one back in the 90s when all the fast food places were making their version.  so lets dive into the food.  the portion was perfect.  hungry guys every where should be happy.  i probably could have only had half but in the spirit of yelp i had to ensure that the last bite was as good as the first.  i ordered the traditional gyro combo woth garlic feta fries.  first bite was a fry.  delicious.  crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  they were garlicy but why order garlic fries if thats not what you're into.  it also had some sort of fry sauce lightly drizzled on it.  not sure what it was but neither added or detracted from the fries as a whole.  i think the buffalo sauce that they removed from previous reviews would have been okay on the3 side.l but they were good as is. the gyro was super good.  none of the individual ingredients tried to take the lead but together it was bliss.  i did try the meat by itself.  great flavor and some of the pieces were crispy and some had more chew.  it was great.  for dessert i had some baklava.   i mran it was sitting there all by itself on the counter and needed me to save it from its plexiglass prison.  it tasted like all baklava ive had before.  sweet cinnamon and yummy.  the staff was also very friendly.  the guy at the register was very nice.
great place, service, and food! largest gyro i've ever had. awesome bang for your buck. 5 stars!
best gyro in town!! overall fantastic place to get greek food. staff is super friendly! chef mikey is amazing!!! good people and great food!!
these people are actually greek. you have to have the garlic feta fries! the meats are cooked to perfection. gyros and salads are excellent. very fast and friendly service. highly recommend this place for your greek cuisine needs.
visiting from seattle and found this gem of a restaurant. great casual greek food and generous portions! leftovers for lunch tomorrow, yum!
i ordered take out last night and will definitely be coming back. glad i found this place.. never would have known it was in that shopping complex if i hadn't googled it. very friendly service. we ordered the gyro platter, gyro pita, spanakopita and hummus. the gyro meat was tasty and so was the tzatziki. the gyro meat on the platter had a small amount of possibly aoili drizzled on it, and i haven't had it anywhere else like that but it gave it a little more flavor. the spanakopita filling was delicious and fresh! the pastry was a little different and rolled up vs what you might find elsewhere cut into squares. i like israeli hummus more but this hit the spot! my bf enjoyed it and said it was good and finished his meal.
i really loved this place. the prices were great and the portions were large. only reason i don't give it a 5 star is because they did not have any high chairs for my toddler.
bang for your buck this place has a good amount of food for your value. my boyfriend and i did not go home hungry. the flavor of the food is solid and on a tasty scale it deserves a solid 4/5.   the only reason why i give this place a 3 is the inconsistency in my salad. it had a very generous helping of chicken but the veggie ratio of cucumber vs lettuce was significantly off. the menu also had a product called garlic greek fries but the outcome was more like greek buffalo fries instead. on the other habd my boyfriend loved his gyro.   i'd come back for a 2nd shot and we'll see goes.
first there is no restroom here. so if you don't have a place to take your food to (ie are a tourist) it's a bit awkward.  it's very small, kind of noisy. but smells delicious. food came quickly. food was pretty good. gyro a little dry but greasy. feta fries delicious. pita very good.
love this place!!!!! the best greek food in vegas! i would eat here every day. i usually order the gyro salad. also the greek garlic feta fries are delicious!
great little place - i felt like i was welcomed into the home of a lovely greek woman.  the friendly service and atmosphere was especially appreciated as i was dining solo.  i had a salad with gyro meat and a side of fries.  everything was very good - standard greek fair, nothing different or spectacular, but all very good.  i had an order of hummus and dolmas to go which made for a nice snack/dinner later in the day.
best greek food i've had since moving here from detroit four years ago! kept it simple and had the greek salad, gyro and feta fries. absolutely outstanding! spiced perfectly, the gyro meat was thick, juicy and tender and i need to know what's on those fries. welcome to the neighborhood, glad your here!!!!!
highly recomnend!! wow.mthis place has great food!  we had chicken kabob which came with healthy portion of great tasting rice pilaf .two skewers of tender tasty chicken.  would be been mice to have veggies on it but the value is better..all meat.  comes drizzled w a mild garlic sauce and a side of a yogurt sauce s n d a small greek salad w delicious dressing.  oh and a side of pita bread. wish they added a small hummus...all for $12.99. lot if food and really good.  atmosphere is fair..it's clean ..basic..nothing fancy..but who cares when the food is great.  server was very friendly and accomodating.
love this place. great service and delicious food.  love the chicken kabob and greek salad.   love love
delicious!!! best mediterranean food in las vegas hands down. i took my babe here for his first mediterranean experience and i'm happy he enjoyed the food! we both had their chicken gyro and garlic fries. so good!!! my mouth is watering just thinking about leftovers. their portions will definitely fill you up. i love the style of this restaurant- it's full on authentic from the food to how the place looks. i will be coming back soon enough!!
i went to this restaurant going to get a greek salad on a saturday night at 7:20 in las vegas. the hours clearly stated they were open till 8 pm, however the door was locked. there was a guy in the back but he wouldn't come to the door stating they were closed. very disappointing.
we are visiting from san diego. i found this place because we were driving and searching the area for nearby healthy choices and preferably not a corporate chain.  i'm glad we stopped.  we will be back before we leave.  this is a nice family style casual restaurant with excellent food.  i guessed it would be 4.5 or 5 stars before i checked on yelp.  sure enough 4.5.  stop in and support this family owned restaurant.
bland and dry. quality has gone down over time and worse when ordering through delivery apps (orders are always missing something, instructions not read properly)   much better choices coming up around the area. no thanks anymore.
absolutely my new favorite! i've been here everyday! service is outstanding everyone is so freakin nice! i get the traditional gyro and it's perfect! yum!
this place is fantastic and the food is amazing! the family who owns and runs it are awesome! they're always inviting and friendly and offer great service! you'll love it!
this has to be one of, if not the best greek restaurants i've been to. the service was great and the food was excellent. i highly recommend you check out this place. the prices were also very reasonable.
i tried the chicken kabob skewer combo.  the best greek food i have found thus far in the valley.
great greek food in a non-descript strip mall. greek salad with gyro and a freshly made pita was refreshing on a hot july day! my husband had the gyro sandwich and said it was very good!! friendly staff and owner. try it!!
great food! we had gyros, hummus and the feta fries. very yummy and the service was excellent.
everything is delicious, the prices are fair, and the portions are huge. we've never had a problem here.
i have 3 words for you:  garlic feta fries.  these fries are easily 5 stars.  they are garlicky, cheesy and stinkin' delicious.  their gyros, hummus, pita and gyros salads are excellent too but i come back for the fries.   the dining room is small and there's no public restroom for customers.  service is somewhere just below friendly.
i've been to the majority of greek/mediterranean restaurants in vegas and yannis greek grill (not to be confused with yannis gyros) is top 3. it's hole in the wall feel is charming and makes you feel at home and that you know it is going to be authentic greek food! all orders come with fresh, warm pita bread that i could've ate by itself. the dolmades are huge and stick together when you bite into them which is rare! comes with taziki for dipping, but they're so flavorful you don't even need it! the greek salad was simple but delicious. their portions are huge too. the chicken shawarma came with a sauce.. i have no idea what it was but it made the dish even more delicious than it was. this might be my new greek spot!
love yanni's greek grill! i've been going to his place when he had the location over at silverado and maryland but didn't realize that he sold it 2 years ago until today.   so excited to find him over at this new location. i've been wondering why i never see yanni for a couple years now.   always have loved his food. fresh ingredient and just yum!!
have eaten here once and ordered take out a few times... everything i had was excellent!! the chicken kabob plate filled me up!! will definitely be ordering or visiting time and time again!!
wandered in to this place while staying nearby. amazing! i ate here three times in two days.  strongly recommend the schwarma plates.  both are delicious and the rice was yummy. also tried the hummus and pita appetizer, soooo good.  had spanakopita, i didn't like it, but i could tell the ingredients were fresh and the food was high quality, just wasn't my thing. had the gyro and garlic fries.  the gyro was huge and messy (as it should be).   based on other yelp reviews, i added a side of sauce, probably that's a good idea if you like a lot of sauce.  the garlic fries were incredible.   each time i came in, the staff was polite and accommodating. highly recommend!!!
i'd been driving by this restaurant for a few years and just never stopped in. it's not the only greek restaurant my family eats at. schwarma, gyros and the kebabs are consistently good and the portion sizes are pretty large in my opinion. we've never been disappointed with our meal here.
went in again yesterday and it looks like they're making improvements to the inside. the owner walked around and spoke with each table - he was particularly really funny with us! the food (as usual) was top notch! their gyro and garlic feta fries have become one of those foods that i crave on the regular! if i as to give any constructive feedback this time, it would be to speak with the landlord to change the entry handle, as the towel placed over it is sort of odd/gross (but makes sense because the sun makes it so hot). also, put a sign out front with pictures of the dishes (and maybe a few in the window advertising your gyros and your "special" garlic feta fries! you'll certainly steal away some business from capriottis next door!
this restaurant is located in close proximity to the south point hotel & casino where we were staying.   it is cozy restaurant, ultra casual and a bit on the dumpy side with most people placing orders to go though there is seating for around 10.  neither of us were particularly hungry the evening of our visit so we each opted for traditional lamb/beef gyros.  the gyro meat, according to the restaurant's website, contains no fillers or msg and i watched as it was sliced off a revolving spit.  the combination of gyro meat, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and fresh pita bread combined with a flavorful tzatsiki sauce made for a delicious light dinner.
service and food is great.  highly recommend same this to anyone. i recommend the chicken shawarma .
tldr  i'm a big lamb fan and this place has a good selection of dishes with great customer service.  got: -gyro pita: rich flavor with an authentic taste, disliked the pita though.
the garlic feta fries are blessed by the greek gods!!! so good!!! i'd add a photo but we devoured them!!!!
amazing food, we ordered family style, a few apps and the gyros were just so flavorful!!! sauces are authentic and tasty! the owner is very friendly and served our family with a smile on his face. defiantly going to be a regular at yanni's!!!
garlic frys to die for! i've also tried the chicken schwarma plate and the lamb gyro and both were very good and large portions. this place is located across from southpoint casino and it's kind of a hidden gem. it has a family owned feel and the workers are very nice. the menu is pretty simple, and the price range is about $7-12. it's quality food so i don't mind spending the extra $ and skip out on cheap take-out. if you have a craving for greek food in las vegas, this is the place to go!
garlic feta fries  i tried this place out becuase i was craving some greek salad. i had to give it a 4 star becuase i was a bit disappointed with the dressing on the salad. it was not vinegretty at all.. it was like pure oil and a little spicy hint to it which i did not expect at all.  the salad itself look beautiful and tasteful but it just wasn't what it looked like.  on the other hand... the garlic feta fries were freaken dericious! they were juicy fries with lots of garlic flavor and soft feta cheese sprinkled all over. also got the hummus appetizer which was also a little bland for my taste and not enough citrus. but they did give a lot of pita bread with it!  baklava was absolutely delicious and you could see the pure honey on it and every bite had some crunch to it from the nuts.  overall i would definately be back for the garlic fries and probably the salad but bring my own dressing.
a gyro combo costs $10.95, and comes with one side.  we ordered 3 gyro combos, all with garlic feta fries and a hummus/pita app.  damn.  delicious.  the place only has a 4 or 5 tables, and there's no bathroom on site (advertised).so if you're looking for something fancy, definitely not it.  but the food is on-point.  the hummus app only came with one pita cut in slices, and additional pitas were another .50 cents, but i just saved the hummus for the fries.   seriously, the food is great here.  and i don't speak greek, but i think the employees were talking to each in it, which gives it some authenticity.  also, the drinks are served by the can, which cost a dollar.  kinda sucks for those dining-in, but the perfect place for take-out.
this was a magical experience. i liked the dolmas (i never like dolmas). everything was super delicious. the staff was awesome, and the prices were excellent. i will be back.
i just moved out here from california and i'd have to say this place takes the cake for the best chicken gyro i've ever had ever!! they have always been extreme polite and im always greeted with a smile from any of the staff when i walk in. im so happy to have found this little gem! i recommend the garlic fries, they are one of a kind!
came here for dinner.  we both ordered steak kabobs and they were good, as was the rice that came with.  i ordered a lamb skewer but it didn't come.  i did not ask again because there was plenty to eat with the kabob order, i was full enough.  service was good.  not very expensive, so i will be back when i'm craving g greek.
i love yanni's their food is always delicious, fresh, and the service is great. the only con is that this place needs a remodel and to figure out how to replace the room divider that blocks guest from seeing the kitchen with something a little more appropriate, because of this i normally take my food to go!
this place just opened next to the comic shop i play magic the gathering at. they recommended it, and they were spot on! i had the chicken shawarma plate with greek rice and a greek salad and a warm pita; freaking amazing! i think it was about $12, but i couldn't even finish it all, it reheated the next day for another great meal. the greek fries are also amazing. don't wait, eat here today!!!
this place is absolutely amazing!! i'm not sure how i ever missed this place before!! the gyro is best one i have ever had! definitely recommend this place to everyone!
no bathroom, no problem...food is pretty awesome...the hummus has thing tingy sensation to it, i can't explain, but their rice hurts how good it is. the family is a pleasure to deal with, all super helpful and just honest. do yourself a favor and have the steak. run, don't walk.
i sure love me some greek food when ever, where ever, how ever! ;) had a gyro and a beef kabob plate. the beef was phenomenal juicy, and tender. the gyro was great too both meats were flavorful and delish! the rice was yummy and the serving sizes were awesome. cute little spot not too big not to small. prices were great and they had a good selection on the menu. i think i am just a sucker for some greek food! definitely would recommend this place!
don't let the location on vegas boulevard in a strip mall fool you. this is hands down some of the best greek food in las vegas. their recipes are full of flavor and the spices on their meat is amazing!  1. falafels - crispy on the outside hot and soft on the inside. the falafels are vote sized and easier to eat than other locations - and also cooked evenly unlike other locations  2. gyro - lamb and beef cubes tender and seasoned bursting with flavor. hands down my favorite dish.  3. service - very friendly. the lady at front counter is accommodating and very nice when i messed up my own order by accident.
my wife and i live right down the street and we were craving greek food and we found the best greek spot of las vegas.  being first timers here, this place is outstanding. right when you walk-in the staff are very welcoming and also helpful. the menu is simple,well organized, and descriptive. what else is that the food is delicious. i ordered the shawarma value combo with the choice of garlic feta fries and it amazing. i would recommend this place then any other greek spot
i've been a yanni's reg for years. i refuse to eat at any other greek restaurant, because i know it won't compare even close to the flavors you will get here. i now live in northern cali, but i come back to vegas regularly and i always make sure i eat here before i leave. can't go wrong with anything on the menu. the only bad thing about yanni's is that it's highly addictive.
want greek??... hands done one of the best in vegas! local eats.... fast service and best mouthwatering chicken or lamb you could ever imagine! i have dined in and gotten take out several times! this place is nothing short of amazing, the service is impeccable and i find myself confused on whether i'm in the mood for the garlic feta fries or the chicken plate! a must try for tourist and vegas locals
the best greek cuisine ever had the taste of the real greek food and the size that fills you up worth the money
wow just came in here for the first time and am blown away, this is definitely my new goto  place to eat!  ordered the lamb plate and gyro pita. oh and garlic feta fries wow those are amazballs!!
found this little greek spot on a whim and it was amazing!  the portions are huge, and if you love gyros these are the best i've had!  great service and reasonable prices.  definitely try the babaganoush and garlic fries.  we will be back for sure.
this place never disappoints. food is amazing and service is always awesome. highly recommend this place. yum!!
best gyros sandwich in vegas. generous portions of thick-sliced lamb/beef - that i think is probably house made, piled high on a grilled pita. sides are really good too. i spent years alternating between the rice pilaf and the dolmades here. joke's on me - the seasoned fries are decent too. friendly customer service. good baklava.  note: don't get this yanni's confused with a different restaurant farther east on silverado ranch. this is the one you want to visit. the other one isn't nearly this good.
yanni's greek grill is solid food in a small but clean restaurant. came in for a gyro, walked out with a massive one plus a bowl of avgolemono soup for $13. there are no public bathrooms here, kind of a takeout only sort of spot.
super delicious!!! i had a lamb gyro which was super big, with greek fries. it was just great! with so much flavor!! my friend ordered pickup and when i got it, it was still good & fresh!! i will definitely be coming back!!
quick summary, every single bite is fantastic!  i've ordered a few dishes here and have been very happy with everything!  my favorite is the filet mignon kabob.  the meat is perfectly cooked, the rice is great (my son who hates rice ate all of his), the pita bread is always warm, and the greek salad is perfectly balanced.  i'll be eating here for a long time and they're a great way to have a delicious meal that isn't the same old burger or burrito.
tired of over-priced resort food?  give yannis a go!  this place was very delicious. just like other reviewers have said, the portions are big, the sauces are right on, and the service was very friendly. they do have a bathroom now; some reviewers have said they did not when they came. we are definitely going again!
i love this place and love yanni! he's actually the person who made me fall in love with greek food. now i can't get enough of the chicken gyro salad. it's a good size salad. for the ladies, i usually can't finish the whole thing in one sitting. greek feta fries are delicious!!! not sure if he has moussaka at this location but i tried it at his old spot in silverado ranch and it was super yummy!!!   yanni also takes good care of his customers. i'd visit him wherever he opened a restaurant because it's guaranteed to be delicious!
great experience. gyro was great and garlic fries were insanely good. will make a stop there when back in town again for sure!
great service,  the woman taking my order was beyond nice. amazing food, totally worth the prices.
we saw sign and stopped in. have not had a good gyro since we left chicago.  we were definitely impressed and will come back often.
thanks to yelp for helping me find this gem. the southwest doesn't have many greek places that are worth driving to. this is right by me and i'm thrilled! the guys in there were super nice and friendly. i crave feta, so the garlic feta fried were something i had to have! they didn't let me down, so much flavor. love this place and highly recommend it! i'll be back for sure!
i've tried and tested many different greek places, but yanni's is by far my favorite. i cannot get enough of the chicken gyro! it tastes so incredibly fresh and their tzatziki sauce is perfectly on point.  if you haven't tried this place yet, it's worth the jump. i would definitely also recommend trying different items on the menu because they will not disappoint you.
these guys rock! perfect for your mediterranean fix. spanakopita, tiropita and chicken gyros have all been tried and loved. have always gotten a friendly staff member whether in person or over the phone. snappy delivery, too. can't lose with this place.
food is so tasty. i mean absolutely beautiful. the staff ultra friendly. 5*s for sure. i'll be back.
delicious food, good sized portions, and excellent service.  you can tell everything is freshly made and not from a can.  the portions are very generous.  the gyro meat smelled and tasted like steak.  the seasoning on the chicken gyro was delicious. the baba ganoush was yummy with a smokey flavor.   will definitely be back.
tried a lot of greek restaurants ,but hands down the best one yet around my area! fresh quality food . the chicken gyro was amazing and their hummus was delicious . a must go to place for ur greek fix!
having a fine palate for greek food- my expectations were low. but yanni's delivered and we will be back often...
my husband and i were nearby for an event at the south point and we didn't feel like dealing with the crowd there.   we came across yannis on yelp and decided to try it out, and i am so glad we did! the food was fresh and delicious! we both had gyros and those were delicious. we also had the garlic feta fries and those were awesome! definitely a great place to take care of that greek food craving!
seriously! i have been staying at south point casino since friday and i just found this place. all i can say is delicious! service was fast and the staff was friendly. i was so sick of eating at the mediocre places inside of the hotel and am so glad i walked across the street to find this delicious greek place.  i got the combo plate with the gyro and baba ghanoush....the food was on point and well priced. i will definitely be back at least one more time before i leave this weekend.   i highly recommend!
came in for dinner. ordered beef kebab skewers, pita bread, feta fries, and greek salad. prices are reasonable. nice ambiance with blue wall painting. clean place. the service is good. annette the front lady  is awesome! dont forget to try their baklava desert, super good. we will be back!
you want great greek food made by a greek family? this is the place to go.   we were passing through on our way back to ca and wanted someplace close to freeway. what we got instead was an amazing food experience. i had the chicken gyro and the rest of my party had the regular gyro. we got a mix of the garlic fries and salads as our sides. everything was delicious. best of all was yaya's (grandma) baklava and as a greek as well, my other half really knows what he's talking about!  additionally, our son was ill. they gave him a bowl of rice and a gatorade and asked several times how he was doing. so kind to go out of their way for him.
great food! average prices. yum!! just across the street from south point casino if you're staying there.
i enjoyed this place. i wasn't overly impressed, but it was good. i ordered a chicken greek salad. it had good flavor and was served with hot homemade bread. since greek is my favorite cuisine and it's something that i always eat, i felt my meal was average. nothing bad to say, nothing to complain about... but nothing that would make me want to return.   silverado/las vegas blvd location
the greek fries are amazing and the gyro was perfect and huge.  this place is excellent!
the gyros are tasty but an optical illusion.  the meat is on top and looks like it is filled with meat but the lettuce and tomatoes are occupying all the space under the meat.  it's expensive.   no restroom for customers. probably wouldn't come back.  i swear, every gyro spot in chicago gives you a pound of gyro meat.   all of these las vegas gyro places give you exactly 6 pieces.    do yourself a favor and go to roberto's haha
i love eating here. even when i moved to the other side of town, i would drive over here for a gyro. their gyros are just....better. i always ask them to add cucumber to it. soooo good. the fries are always crisp and the lemonade fresh. add on the friendly service and what more can you ask for?
the food was really good and i enjoyed my gyro and salad.  the waiter was very nice and and food came out fast.
got tired of mexican and asian food so i wanted to try something that i haven't tried in a long long time: greek food. i found this little restaurant on yelp and after reading the reviews and looking at the photos yanni's didn't disappoint! i ordered the chicken gyro with garlic feta cheese fries and it was delicious! the food portions were large and it will leave you full! i definitely will be back and i recommend it!
so so good. i ordered carry out -barley waited chicken kabobs weren't dry and they were tasty very happy
we ordered two gyros with fries. they have a great menu selection including chicken and vegetarian if you don't like beef or lamb. fantastic greek, some of the very best that we have had in the country. everything was fresh and tasted great!
amazing! i have yet to find a mediterranean grill that can top this spot. i've tried but this place puts any other competition to shame. you can't beat the authenticity of this joint. i've wanted to find a different spot that's closer to my house that remotely compares but every other place is just pure disappointment after i've fallen in love with yannis!   chicken shawarma plate is my absolute favorite. chicken smells and tastes amazing. salad is nice and fresh!! baklava is made by the owners grandma! super delicious, flakey, and moist!   legit best mediterranean food i've ever had. even the owners are personable. that remember you personally. definitely a nice touch.
i thought i'd get tired of eating this nearly every day, still hasn't happened. healthy and delicious.
ive seen this place grow. it just gets better and better. expanded space, improved menu and food, with the same friendly and corteous staff. clean and inviting, as always. and probably store hours getting extended too. i dont even mind the price. lamb and filet mignon shish are the best... ever. chicken and traditional gyros are a must try as well. pita bread? uhhhh excellent... and without a doubt, ill always come back!
certainly one of the better gyro's i have had! the service was solid and the place was super clean!
really great place, tried it for the first time today and was really impressed.  i got the chicken gyro plate and a greek salad enough for 2 full meals really fresh ingredients and made really quickly. i'll be going back for sure.
what can i say i was in the area and saw the now open banner decided to try it out and i am glad i did... i was unsure what i wanted and the gentlemen which i think was the owner told me i should try the beef gyro and the fries. dam it was good... clean brand new restaurant and excellent customer service. and of course the food was delicious. defiantly coming back.
i was really looking forward to enjoying this place with all the great reviews. we were extremely disappointed. one of those rare occasions i forgot my cell phone or i could have posted pictures to explain why. i ordered a vegetarian plate with hummus, baba & falafel. the hummus was form fitted to the section in the plate just like jello pudding cups, was this plated in the morning for my 7:30 pm visit? not what i expect when they post a sign on the counter that they don't have specials because they don't use (have?) leftovers. really wish i'd had my phone to take a picture. baba was not as form fitted, but both were covered in a clear oil, if it even was olive it had no olive taste or color so either low quality or not even olive. i have had better hummus buying pre-packaged at the grocery stores. baba did not impress either, sad that i have made it once at home from an online recipe & my guests loved that, this one taste was enough. i will continue to drive on to stephano's when craving some baba. i love falafel, to the extreme that when i go to parsley mediterranean grill, as soon as i walk in they ask me how many orders of falafel i want that day. here, when i called before going to see if they were gluten-free, i was told they are made from a mix which is gluten free - garbanzo, fava & corn oil. but judging from the shape & texture - these were like balls of bean flavored cake - almost like cupcake consistency. were they baked or fried? there wasn't oil on the plate under them & they soaked up the tahini that was squirted on them. baked would be healthier, but these just didn't cut it for me. i ate  1/2 of one & it came with 4. yes, i left hungry having eaten less than 2 full bites of a $10 plate. his kebab plate which he ordered the chicken charred wasn't even showing a speck of char on the second trip from the grill (yes we know it's unhealthy charred but it's how he likes it & ordered it). the greek salad on the plate was drenched in oil so it was flavorless because as i've said, the oil has no color or taste. probably why there is so much paprika spread on the top, guess not just for presentation but if any taste is desired, mix it in. maybe they were in a rush to get out since it was about closing time, but for $30 with the above, an order of their garlic feta fries & a can of soda , if eating off plastic plates & utensils the food should be good.  this kind of reminds me of food in a mall's food court, not a stand alone restaurant food was 1 star, service would have been 3 but couldn't get his char on, cleanliness is what brought them up to 2 stars.  still trying to figure out all those 5-star reviews. i use yelp all the time to find great new places, but this time i feel really let down. maybe for meat eaters this is good, but definitely don't recommend for a vegan.
yanni's is amazing. i've always thought yassou's was the best there was in vegas- i almost didn't even try this. but i'm here to say- step aside yassou! this place is incredible and dangerously close to home. chicken gyro pita with garlic & feta fries- amaze balls. i will be back! (will update my review as i try more menu items)
just as great as the original yanni's gyros! i couldn't believe my eyes when i saw this new shop was open and was even more excited when i learned the owner is the same guy that owns yanni's gyros. authentic and fresh. go greek and support local!
not 4.5 stars good but good. the hummus and falafel were ok.  chicken shawarma was not from a vertical spit like all of the other shawarma i have ever had. it was little chunks of chicken with seasoning fried on a flat top. the service was ok but seemed like everyone one there were regulars. in my opinion this made the service or allowed the service to be too relaxed. overall, i will come back if i cannot find another greek place eat.
lovin this place right now had the beef kabobs 3 times in the last 4 weeks . delicious. they try to talk me into more rare then med well but i stick to my guns and they are great . best rice i've had since i was deployed to afghanistan. the girl at the counter is also hot .
best gyro!!!  got take out when visiting las vegas, it was close to our time share. the gyros, lamb and beef were ready in 10 minutes. absolutely amazing!!  flavorful, juicy and delicious. definitely the right choice.
this place is awesome!  we ate here twice during our stay in vegas.  salad, gyros, humus and kebabs all got great reviews from my family. i have celiac disease and greek food is usually a pretty safe bet for me, so i was a little disappointed that the rice had orzo pasta in it.  my husband said it tasted great though. aside from that everything was so amazing!
tho the food was pretty good i have to give this place a 3 because the gentlemen who i was making a delivery order with on the phone was not very good. it seemed like i was inconveniencing  him to delivery food to me. if you don't want to delivery then don't post that you do. i can order from other places around town. like i said the food is pretty good but the hospitality side left a bad taste in my mouth.
perfect stop. great service and very kind. food was amazing. our group had salads,  gyros and kabobs. all were great and don't miss the garlic fries
yummy, yummy! i checked out this place due to the reviews on yelp. the gyros, filet kabob and chicken are so good! feta fries are a must..! my favorite greek place in las vegas so far.
food is good but different from last time the pita didn't taste as good. the baklava was good but different then last time. the hummus was good but the pita wasn't as good.
all i have to say is yummmm!!!! the chicken shawarma plate is amazing! the owner took my order and he was very nice, the place was super clean and i saw him wash his hands before he made my food. i like that. this place is sooo good!
